Industrialize deployment of new instances (#744)
ambanum/OpenTermsArchive: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Do not rely on GitHub issue reference numbers in commit messages, as we have no guarantee the host system and its autolinking will be stable in time. Make sure the context is self-explanatory. If an external reference is given, use its full URL.

## Continuous delivery

> GitHub Actions is used to deploy the application every time there is a commit or a merge on master branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions is used to deploy the application on every merge to the main branch.

Branch protection is active, meaning that a merge to the main branch can only take place once all tests pass in CI, and that at least one human reviewer approved the changes.
```
